## Step 13: Solder the positive wire to ESP

Lay the wire on the outside of the 5V pin and apply solder.

<ImageCard :options="image_settings._13_18_one"/>

## Step 14: Solder the negative wire to ESP

Repeat [Step 12](#step-12-twist-the-positive-usb-wire-and-positive-ir-led-wires-together-and-tin-them) but with the negative wires.

::: info
As a user in our discord has learned, you can short the `IO12` pin with the ground pin `(GND)` without issues.
:::

In the below example I put it on the top of the pin, It will be a week-ish joint but that's where glue comes in handy.

<ImageCard :options="image_settings._13_18_two"/>

## Step 15: Wire up the 2nd ESP

Repeat steps [12](#step-12-twist-the-positive-usb-wire-and-positive-ir-led-wires-together-and-tin-them)-[14](#step-14-solder-the-negative-wire-to-esp) with the 2nd ESP.

## Step 16: Prepare to solder IR LED PCBs

Get your magnifying glass out, it's time to solder very smol things.

Gather 4 PCBs, 4 IR LEDs, and either 4 ~350ohm.

<ImageCard :options="image_settings._13_18_three"/>

Here are the PCB pin-out labels:

<ImageCard :options="image_settings._13_18_four"/>

LED labels:

<ImageCard :options="image_settings._13_18_five"/>

If you have different LEDs, please consult their datasheet.

Some terminology related to them:

`5V`: 5-volt power in.

`GND`: Ground or power out.

`AR`: After-Resistor this is to be used as the power in on the 2nd PCB in series as resistors are not needed on the 2nd PCB since they are on the 1st one.

`SNG`: Single resistor, use this as 5V in if you are using only **1** `~700ohm` resistor on V3 boards (not recommended).

`Negative`: This marks the negative side of the LED.

`Positive`: This marks the positive side of the LED.

## Step 18: Solder resistors on PCB V3

You only need 1 PCB to have resistors per eye.

Tin the resistor pads. Note: in this example, I use too much solder, it should only be enough to lightly cover the pad.

<ImageCard :options="image_settings._13_18_six"/>

Next, grab a resistor and hold it on the pads.

<ImageCard :options="image_settings._13_18_seven"/>

While holding the resistor add solder to your soldering iron and apply it to the resistor.

I like to do this by having a piece of my solder stick up in the air and then put it on my iron that way.

<ImageCard :options="image_settings._13_18_eight"/>

Flip the PCB and solder the other end.

<ImageCard :options="image_settings._13_18_nine"/>

Now repeat for the other one.

<ImageCard :options="image_settings._13_18_ten"/>
