## Step 7: Connect ESP to the programmer to flash

Why flash before you have it assembled? It's simple, to make sure they actually work before you spend time soldering to them.

Slide your ESP into the programmer, and note the USB port goes away from the ESP's camera.

<ImageCard :options="image_settings._7_12_one"/>

## Step 8: Configure Visual Studio Code and prepare to flash the firmware

Check out our guide on [Setting up VS Code](https://redhawk989.github.io/EyeTrackVR/setting-up-firmware-enviroment/)

Once VS Code is set up, move on to the next step.

## Step 9: Plug in your ESP and flash the firmware

Our guide, [Building and uploading the firmware manually](https://redhawk989.github.io/EyeTrackVR/building-and-flashing-firmware-manually/) has steps on how to do this.
After it has flashed, make sure you get a video stream in your browser, then power it down and flash your next ESP.

## Step 10: Connect your power wires to a USB Type-A board

::: warning
Powering from the programmer board **will not work correctly**. This delivers a lower voltage which results in dim LEDs and video artifacts. These are highly likely mess up tracking.
:::

Get two pairs of wire, preferably two different colors, Cut them to length (56mm in my case) and twist together two for ground and two for 5V.
Here I used speaker wire where the copper denotes positive and silver negative.
Then, strip the wires to about 3mm of exposed wire.

<ImageCard :options="image_settings._7_12_two"/>

## Step 11: Cut wires for IR LEDs

To find the optimal length, take a piece of wire and a marker and mock up your wire route, and mark the wire, cut it, then make another at the same size for the other eye.
You will need 3 different cuts of wire. 2 short ones for connecting the 2 PCBs per eye together, 2 Longer ones for power, or ground and 2 slightly longer ones for power or ground for the LED near the camera at the bottom.

Once cut, strip them to around 4mm of exposed wire.

## Step 12: Twist the positive USB wire and positive IR LED wires together and tin them

Once twisted together add solder to keep them together. This makes the connection much easier.

<ImageCard :options="image_settings._7_12_three"/>
